### README

## Requirements Met
The program currently meets all of the required expectations. Upon running it, it creates the world and displays the initial map using the ncurses library for unbuffered I/O. It then takes user input according to the requirements in previous assignments, in addition to more user-friendly (in my opinion at least) controls for the player ('d' signals to rest and represents the player's current cell, and then looking at the keyboard left and right are 's' and 'f' respectively, and so on). The player can traverse between maps in the world, and trainer battles will trigger when necessary, as well as wild Pokemon encounters when traversing through tall grass.

## Program Description
Upon running the program, the world array will be generated, and the center map will be created and displayed. Then the map is populated by generating a semi-random number of NPCs along with the player character. The colors are still a work in progress as I toy around with them and find the combination I like. The player can traverse through the maps and throughout the entire world, and trainer battles will be triggered by the NPCs interacting with the player (these are just placeholders for now). Additional placeholders exist in the PokeMart and Pokemon Center UIs as well. Additionally, there is a placeholder for wild Pokemon encounters when traversing through tall grass. The player can also view a list of all of the trainers within the current map by pressing 't'. Finally, each map persists even when the player leaves through an exit, and when they come back to that map later it will be in the exact same state (or close enough -- the NPCs step through some slight movements as the player enters and exits the map, I could fix this but I didn't see it as a big enough issue to invest my time and effort into).

## Key Functions
I did my best to organize all of the different parts of code into separate files that each serve a specific purpose, in an effort to maintain clarity and cleanliness. However, some methods and classes/variables ended up in the wrong places. Overall, though, the code runs well and accomplishes its task. Each file is pretty self-explanatory from the titles, and I did my best to provide documentation throughout the code. The UI code that handles input/output through curses is located in io.h & io.cpp. The pokemon.cpp and pokemon.h files contain the vast majority of the code that handles Pokemon spawning and generation, along with the db_parse files. The world and mapGen files mainly deal with the world and map initialization and generation, and have largely been untouched lately, other than when porting to C++ and some other very minor incidental changes.

## Known Issues
For the most part, I was able to squash any and all bugs that I came across (of which there were quite a few). One of the few bugs that I know of right now is that occasionally the program will crash due to a SEGFAULT, but it happens too rarely and I haven't been able to replicate it at all or determine what might be causing it. Additionally, upon entering a wild Pokemon encounter, the player's movement feels somewhat awkward, although this is mostly just my OCD. Finally, the generated stats feel much lower than I think they should be, but the math checks out and they meet the assignment specs.

## How to Run
The program can be run by typing 'make', followed by './assignment-1.07'. A seed may also be used to generate identical worlds every time the program is run, by typing the seed as a command line parameter. I removed any other command line parameters that were implemented previously for earlier assignments. Player controls are as specified in previous assignments.