### README

## Requirements Met
The program currently meets all of the required expectations. Upon running it, it creates the world and displays the initial map using the ncurses library for unbuffered I/O. It then takes user input according to the requirements, and additionally I added more user-friendly (in my opinion at least) controls for the player ('d' signals to rest and represents the player's current cell, and then looking at the keyboard left and right are 's' and 'f' respectively, and so on).

## Program Description
Upon running the program, the world array will be generated, and the center map will be created and displayed. Then the map is populated by generating a semi-random number of NPCs along with the player character. I added in color to it to make it look prettier as it was a pretty simple task once everything else was done. The player can traverse through the maps and throughout the entire world, and trainer battles will be triggered by the NPCs interacting with the player (these are just placeholders for now). Additional placeholders exist in the PokeMart and Pokemon Center UIs as well. The player can also view a list of all of the trainers within the current map by pressing 't'. Finally, each map persists even when the player leaves through an exit, and when they come back to that map later it will be in the exact same state (or close enough -- the NPCs step through some slight movements as the player enters and exits the map, I could fix this but I didn't see it as a big enough issue to invest my time and effort into).

## Key Functions
The vast majority of the simulating is located in main.c, including all of the UI code. All of the player and NPC movement and simulating is done within there as well. The rest of the files no longer fill the roles for which they are named as much as they initially did, although I will be going back through at some point within the next few days to fix that and reorganize all of the code. However, despite its messiness, it accomplishes its task, and I tried my best to include a decent amount of documentation within the code to help understand it -- although I slacked off a little bit on that aspect for this particular update to the assignment and didn't put as much as I would've liked to.

## Known Issues
For the most part, I was able to squash any and all bugs that I came across (of which there were quite a few). Most notably, there were several times I ran into SEGFAULT issues for various reasons (usually because I'm a pro at mismanaging memory) as well as other issues that caused hiccups and stress along the way. One of the few bugs that I know of right now is that occasionally the program will crash due to a SEGFAULT, but it happens too rarely and I haven't been able to replicate it at all or determine what might be causing it. Additionally, the hikers & rivals are supposed to walk around like random walkers after being defeated, but they are just sitting still. However, I didn't feel it was too important of a fix right now as the specification states that their movement after being defeated is up to me, so I felt it fitting to let them sulk for now.

## How to Run
The program can be run by typing 'make', followed by './assignment-1.05'. A seed may also be used to generate identical worlds every time the program is run, by typing the seed as a command line parameter. I removed the --numtrainers switch that existed previously, as I felt the program was more organic-feeling with a more standard number of trainers per map, with some slight room for randomness. I also felt that it did a good job at preventing overcrowding and clutter, providing a smoother more enjoyable gaming experience.